# VConRLWE
This code is a test code for cryptographic operations and verification processes in large integer environments using gmp. 
Verification of attacks is the primary purpose, and verification in encrypted state is implemented.

## Description
For the linear control system, the BGV type RLWE ciphertext is calculated and verified, time comparison, and efficiency are simulated. 
The modulus q of RLWE's ciphertext is implemented using a big integrer rather than a level concept, and calculation verification is performed in a field of the same size as the modulus of the ciphertext.

## 0️⃣Pre-ready
If you want to use this repository, need to install WSL2 on Windows. 
This recommand Ubuntu24-04 LTS version.
On Linux system(**NOT** WSL), naturaly can run.

## 1️⃣Make binary
Push below command on your CMD(bash), respectively.

``` bash
  cmake .
```

```bash
  make
```

## 2️⃣Run
```bash
  ./main
```

If you want to leakage of memory please use below cmd
``` bash
  valgrind --leak-check=full --show-leak-kinds=all --track-origins=yes ./main
```

# 3️⃣task(20260406-1217 updated)
## 완료됨
### 260112
1. Make vector, matrix, ciphertext structure.
2. Make calculation structure. 
3. Make operator what we need.
### 260113
1. Implementation.
### 260114
1. All mpz_t(based on c) change to mpz_class(based on c++).
2. All dynamic array(allocation of memory) change to std::vector.
3. Organize present find primitive root and polynomial NTT(Number Theorical Transform) section.
4. Modified present cipher class (almost whole things).
5. Memory optimization.
6. Add ciphertext add and multiply.
7. Remove SEAL based bath encoder, add modified batch encoder(can run bigger than 2^15 size).
### 260115
1. Make ARX contoller.
2. Make ciphertext recycle method.
3. Make exponential calculation.
### 260117
1. Make matrix representation of ciphertext.
2. ~Make ARX contoller on matrix representation~
3. Modify ciphertext of matrix representation (very huge memory need [based 2^14 ring dimemsion, one of matrix representation need 8.5GB memory | ARX coefficient P and Q have 8 ciphertext 68GB]).
4. Modify static memory location policy of making EKF to dynamic(instance).
### 260205
1. Modify ciphertext secret key made from tenary ({-1, 0, 1} uniformly random).
2. Modify error distribution made from CBD (k=21, std=3.24, centralized binomial distribution).
3. Make vertor representation related on matrix representation.

--- Class Re-work

### 260309
1. Rewrite RLWE.h's mr_cipher and vr_cipher class structure. Optimzation eval_mvr_mul func.

### 260310
1. RLWE.h's mr_cipher and vr_cipher function handler test.
2. Organize Group.h's handler.

### 260312
1. Add size rebuild and related function handler in RLWE.h mr_cipher and vr_chiper.
2. Add concat series in poly handler.

### 260313
1. Add Authenic.h class(not final)
2. Verifying process check.

### 260319
1. Authentic.h's power g check.
2. Ekf generation part of ARX implimented decription on group excluded H, which is generated by ARX form of controller

### 260320
1. Encrypt H and power of g
2. Encrypt H matrix + add function handler of power of g (like recur_concat, poly_mr_cipher_mult)

### 260327
1. Make verifiable computation.
2. Make controller.
3. Attack scenario check.

### 260406
1. Optimize Memory.
2. Add cascade_concat function.

# 완성율
End of DEV. ,now doing optimization.
